This is a really basic web page setup.  It creates a main page which has
links to separate pages for the various assignments; each of them has a
simple page as a placeholder.

The main page uses a background color called "antique white".   You can
change this by editing the "main.css" file's 'body' style settings,
or by adding a class specifier to the HTML "body" tag and using one of
the predefined color classes in "main.css" - e.g.,

    <body class="palegreen">

The first raytracer checkpoint page uses the "palegreen" background
color, selected this way.  This page is an example of how you could set
up a page that contains a mix of text paragraphs, images, and lists of
date.  To change its contents, you would do the following:

    * Edit the "index.html" file; it's plain text, so any text editor
      will work.

    * It assumes that your images are PNG files, and have names of the
      form img1.png, img2.png, etc.  Obviously, those can be changed to
      whatever format and names you choose.  Each image is enclosed in
      an HTML hyperllink, and displayed at a fixed size of 300x300 pixels.
      When you click on it, the full-size image will open up in a new 
      browser tab.

The other raytracer checkpoints do not have any files set up; you can
copy the index.html file from the rt1/ directory and edit it as needed.

The project entries in the main "index.html" are set up assuming you are
going to upload them as PDF files with specific names.  You can change
these names by editing that file.

When you add or copy files, you need to make sure the web server can see
them.  If you're doing this on the CS systems, you should have unpacked
the ZIP archive inside the public_html/ directory (found at the top level
in your account); if you keep the default name for the unpacked
directory, its full path will be $HOME/public_html/csci711.

In order to see your files, the files must be readable to "other" (the
third set of permission bits); also, all directories down to each file
must be executable to "other".  To simplify setting this up, run the
"setperms" shellscript found in this directory:

    ./setperms

This will ensure that your home directory, your public_html directory,
the unpacked directory, and all the subdirectories have 'execute'
permission for "other" (at least - if you have added other permissions,
those won't be changed), and that all files underneath the unpacked
directory have at least 'read' permission for "other".
